hi everyone Siobhan here today's her
idea was inspired by the miniseries the
White Queen start off with the center
part and separate two small sections of
hair near the front of your face I'm
tying them under my chin to hold them
out of the way for a moment next divide
a section of hair from Temple to Temple
and clip it up tie any of your remaining
hair into a temporary ponytail here I'm
flipping over one of the face framing
sections and grabbing a small strand
from underneath it I'm going to attach a
string of false pearls to my hair by
tying it with an elastic to this piece
if you decide to use a ribbon instead
you may be able to get away with
attaching it to this section with the
bobby pin the pearls I chose aren't big
but they were too heavy for this hence
the elastic for the extra security
once the pearls were in I rubbed a
little pomade onto my fingers and
twisted the hair together and away from
my face and then I simply wrapped my
ornamentation around the hair and used
an elastic at the ends to keep
everything together
when you're done with both sides pull
them underneath your divided hair tie
them together and release your hair from
both the clip and ponytail now gather
all your loose hair together and make a
regular three strand braid once that's
finished find the center of your braid
fold it in half securing the ends of
your hair to the base with an elastic
next I've got a large embroidery needle
with a blunt end and some thin gold cord
that I found in my local trimming store
there's really no Direction here I'm
just weaving it in and out of my hair
every which way when you feel satisfied
with the way it looks just snip off any
excess cord or ribbon and tuck the ends
into your braids in the final step I've
got some double-sided fashion tape and a
thick green and gold ribbon for the last
accent basically I measured how much I
needed to cover the base of my braid and
then secured it around the braid with a
small piece of tape and that's basically
it this is kind of how it turned out on
me also if you're enjoying my white
queen inspired ideas check out my second
channel I recently uploaded Isabel
nipple video there and before I go I'm
shouting out Tanya her channel is great
she's got a lot of cosplay ideas and
she's also uploading some White Queen
videos there I hope you'll check her out
so bye see you next time